{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\cf1\fs22\lang9 [remove/replace \ul\b anything\ulnone\b0  in the brackets \i and\i0  the brackets too] \f1\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf2\ul\b\f0\par
STAGE 2: TEMPLATE & GUIDELINES\ulnone\b0\f1\par
\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b\f0 Introduction \b0\par
Nothing can stop the advancement of technology. It will only grow more and more as people become more reliant on the use of new products. However, there comes a time when the line blurs between tech and society, heating up debates on the controversy that technology brings: are the benefits worth the cost? Facebook is a social network and a communication medium caught in this crossfire. People are constantly debating about whether Facebook has a positive or negative impact on people and their society. Despite what others believe, I think Facebook is a positive impact on society. \f1\par
\par
\b\f0 My Claim \b0  \par
Facebook creates a friendly environment where communication and information can flow freely between friends, family, and even strangers. \f1\par
\par
\b\f0 Importance\par
\b0 Facebook has become so universal in our lives that it is possible to search up anyone in their directory. It affects our lives because we're consumers of the social network and it's an incredibly popular way to connect and communicate with friends. Talking about whether it is good or bad should be something to take into consideration because it matters so much to us in the grand scope of things.\f1\par
\par
\b\f0 Reason 1\b0\f1\par
\f0 Old forms of communication took a long time. Writing letters to friends have already become obsolete, as it would take days to get a few points across and cost a few cents. Emails were quick but they feel like writing letters digitally. Facebook however, creates this virtual environment where friends are essentially in the same place, conversing with each other.\f1\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\par
\b\f0 Details\b0\f1\par
\f0 Facebook enhances communication between friends, and provides a good means to stay connected with new things going on in their lives. It gives you insight on what your friends are up to and the things they've accomplished. \ldblquote Facebook is a tool that allows everyone to stay in touch, easily and quickly. Before social media, there was no mass personal information sharing, other than sending a mass email. Many argue that Facebook allows for bonds to stay strong and friends and family to stay in contact. This point is valid since before Facebook if someone wanted to know about another person they had to actively seek information \rdblquote  (Tobar 2012)\f1\par
\par
\b\f0 Counter-arguments to my reason\b0\f1\par
\f0 Facebook makes you too social and it starts a trend where people are too distracted on their phones checking every Facebook notification. It takes away from dyadic conversations. Facebook also makes you care more about other people's lives than your own, and this curiosity would turn into jealousy of others.\f1\par
\par
\b\f0 Rebuttal\b0\f1\par
\f0 Well, why are people constantly checking their phones? Because they're speaking with their friends. This just shows that people are connecting more. People get jealous without the use of Facebook anyway. It's a normal human emotion that people get from time to time and Facebook can't change that.\f1\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\b\f0 Reason 2 \b0\f1\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\f0 Facebook helps people connect, and directly benefits the silent ones. Some people are introverts and are not very comfortable speaking with others on the phone. Facebook allows instant written communication and the idea of hiding behind a screen.\f1\par
\b\f0 Details\b0\f1\par
\f0 Some people are just more recluse than others and find it difficult to converse with others in real life because it would be awkward for both parties. Mark, an introvert, in his article on Introverts and Social Media says, \ldblquote But if I am in a group of people I don\rquote t know on Twitter, I have little problem striking up a conversation with them. \~The anxiety over having to in-person introduce myself is all but removed, and as a result, it\rquote s much easier for me to engage with people. \rdblquote  (Collier 2012)\f1\par
\par
\b\f0 Counter-arguments to my reason\b0\f1\par
\f0 Facebook decreases dyadic conversation and promotes asynchronous conversations, which will not help introverts in real life. If they want to really get out there, they should go out and meet people.\f1\par
\par
\b\f0 Rebuttal\b0\f1\par
\f0 You're judging introverts in the wrong way. It's difficult for them to communicate face to face, and if they tried, it wouldn't benefit anyone. Facebook promotes and encourages conversations and eventually, the introverts would be confident enough to speak up more in real life.\f1\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\b\f0 Reason 3\b0\f1\par
\f0 Getting the scoop of recent news has never been easier. Rather than paying money for Newspapers to get the recent news, or browsing random, possibly harmful sites, Facebook has the integration of news where information spreads like wildfire. \f1\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\b\f0 Details\b0\f1\par
\f0 Surprisingly enough, Facebook is even faster than the media at spreading news. As mentioned after the bombing in the Boston marathon, \ldblquote Social media -- Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and others -- played a vital role in the dissemination of news and updates during the events in Boston last week but social media is also making a difference right here in Utah County. Police officers, fire fighters and city officials are using technology to stay connected to residents and get important information out when it matters the most.\rdblquote  (Fieldsted 2013)\f1\par
\par
\b\f0 Counter-arguments to my reason\b0\f1\par
\f0 People could lie and repost fake arguments or attack people for their opinions. This is the area where people get challenged for having different ideas and they could be spreading false rumors without even knowing it.\f1\par
\par
\b\f0 Rebuttal\b0\f1\par
\f0 Ultimately, Facebook is a social network. People see what they want and choose to believe what they feel strongly about. By reading all the news and feeds, people are immersing themselves in culture and events, and thus awareness is created. \f1\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\b\f0 Connections \b0\par
Facebook is incredibly versatile and can be used in a myriad of ways, all of which enhance communication and the flow of information. No longer do interoverts have to feel excluded when engaging in conversations. There's no awkwardness in online chats that happen instantly, without the wait time of receiving letters. Facebook creates connections and allows people to immerse themselves in the events of other people's lives and culture, creating circles of friendship that will last a long time. \f1\par
\par
\b\f0 Conclusion\b0  \par
[Approximately 4-5 sentences, brings your reasons together, provides a call to action\f1 ]\par
\f0 Ultimately, Facebook's enhancement of communication between friends and family has created a positive impact on society. People aren't waiting ages for letters to arrive, introverts are able to easily communicate with others, and getting the inside scoop of news is a click away. As innately social beings, it is impossible to go a day without connecting to others. Facebook is the medium that connects people with all kinds of information. \f1\par
\par
\par
\b\f0 Citations\b0  \par
[Minimum of 3 credible sources, APA format, at least three in-text citations]\f1\par

\pard\fi-719\li720\sl240\slmult1\f0\par
Mack Collier (2012) Why introverts love Social Media | MackCollier.com - Social Media Training and Consulting. Retrieved October 22, 2015, from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://mackcollier.com/why-introverts-love-social-media/ }}{\fldrslt{http://mackcollier.com/why-introverts-love-social-media/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Paige Fieldsted (2013) Social Media Helps Police, Cities Spread Information | Herald Media. Retrieved October 22, 2015, from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.heraldextra.com/news/local/social-media-helps-police-cities-spread-information/article_5c98fd7c-b80d-54a2-b079-cba06859ec70.html }}{\fldrslt{http://www.heraldextra.com/news/local/social-media-helps-police-cities-spread-information/article_5c98fd7c-b80d-54a2-b079-cba06859ec70.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Anais Tobar (2012) Facebook has Changed Personal Communication: Good or Bad? Retrieved October 22, 2015, from {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://myweb.fsu.edu/aat09d/project_communication.html }}{\fldrslt{http://myweb.fsu.edu/aat09d/project_communication.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
}
 